# Introducing the use case 

You are creating a conversational agent for a restaurant allowing customers
to: 
- Check the menu including any specials for a given day 
- Place an order 
- Check on their current order

<br>

## Restaurant APIs 

The Restaurant uses a third party service to manage their menu, customers,
and orders.   It is available via APIs.   These are available via one of 
the following mechanisms: 

1. Download the separate repo, and follow the instructions to run it. 

OR 

2. Run via Docker: 

OR 

3. Access the publicly available APIs here: 

<br>


## Become familiar with the data 

There is a Swagger UI to 

You can use the Swagger UI to query the data. 

Alternatively, you can use curl to investigate with curl

```bash 
# Get the list of customers 
curl http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/customers

# Get an individual customer 
curl http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/customers/2

# Get all of menu items in the pasta category 
curl http://127.asta1:8000/api/menu-items?category==pasta
```

<br>


## Keeping things simple: 

To keep things simple, we will assume that the person dialling in is a 
repeat customer (so that we don't have to deal with the back-and-forth of 
taking their address) and 

This will 
initially be text/chat-based but could ultimately be speech-to-text to 
automate the placement of dial-in/call-in orders. 

This is obviously a contrived use-case: the menu is limited & there is no 
ability to add options, add-ons to the menu items, security is non-existent 
and Velma Flintstone doesn't eat Pizza. This has been intentionally
kept simple so that you can focus on the use of OpenAI and Agents. 
Payment is not included. 
